# Release notes v1.0.4

Jorani v1.0.4 is a maintenance release that includes several bug fixes and security improvements.
The database schema is fully compatible with previous versions and doesn't require any migration.

## Breaking changes

- License changed from AGPL to MIT.
- Source code repository moved to a new organization: https://github.com/jorani/jorani.
- Configuration files are moved to `legacy/application/config` folder.
- Database initialization script is moved to `legacy/sql/init` folder.
- REMOVED: the old REST API with Basic Auth authentication.
- REMOVED: JS encryption for passwords (you need to setup HTTPS/SSL with let's encrypt or any alternative).
- REMOVED: MySQL 5.7 support. Only MySQL 8.0+ is supported.
- REMOVED: MySQL functions in favor of CTE queries.
- 'Forget password' feature is removed (until a better solution is found).

## Enhancements

- Support of PHP 8.5.
- Support of an .env file for Docker-based development and deployment.
- Purge sessions tables

## Bug fixes

- Fixes for PHP 8.5 compatibility.
- Undefined variable $help #425
- jorani-1.0.2 Login button unable to click #422
- Most ICS exports claim Content-Type:text/html #418
- Leave Balance - Uncaught Exception #413
- the "detach employee" button doesn't work  #406
- Error creating a leave request #398
- Users Can Request Holiday for Two Leave Periods #397
- Password change can be triggered by anyone #353
- Disallow Leaves if Balance is 0 or insufficient  #319

## Security

- All functions have now strict types in their signatures.
- Update of all PHP and JS libraries to their latest versions.
- Fix minor IDOR issues from insiders.
- Fix CVE-2025-67102 (duplicate of CVE-2023-2681)
- Fix CVE-2023-53870
- Fix CVE-2023-48205
- Fix CVE-2023-45540
- Fix CVE-2023-2681

## For developers

- Added a script to generate fixtures: `php .\index.php Fixtures generate` (from the `legacy` folder).
- Added support (bootstrap classes) for PHPStan.
- Added partial support for Psalm (but still have a lot of false positives).
- Added a full Docker Compose setup for local development (see `docker-compose.override.yml`).
- The application was moved to *legacy* folder (for future migration to a modern framework).
